Thank you, everyone. Again, thank you. Welcome, everyone. Again, we continue discussing the
teachings on the four causes that will take the rebirth in the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha.
That's what we are discussing, that. And so we will continue to talk on that. And yesterday we
discussed it briefly, or we discussed it a little bit, about the four causes, the first one.
What the great teacher, Buddha Hyakyo Manu, said in the teaching of the Amitabha Sutra, said, "
Whoever thinks of this Buddha, of the, above the Buddha, again and again, think of the Buddha,
Buddha Amitabha, again and again."
So that, and also the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha, and as well as the Buddha Amitabha.
So we went yesterday briefly about that. Generally, Buddha Amitabha is not just the only Buddha of
the wind we pass away.
Buddha Amitabha is the Buddha of also this life, and which is known as the Buddha Amitayum.
We often heard in Vajrayana teaching, there's so many empowerment, the Amitayum empowerment for the
longevity and the prosperity.
So this Buddha Amitabha and the Buddha Amitayum are the same. There's no difference in the
teachings, they're the same.
And why is, they're called, as I said yesterday, when this Buddha Amitabha, the lifespan of the
Buddha Amitabha is countless.
There's no really measurement, countless, the Buddha Hyakyo Manu said, "Therefore it is known as
the Buddha Amitayum."
Lifespans, according to the teaching of the Buddha Hyakyo Manu, when Buddha Amitabha reached
enlightenment,
when? It's ten eons ago, ten eons. For us it's ten eons, but for the beautiful Amitabha's beautiful
is ten days, ten days.
One day in the beautiful of the Buddha Amitayum is one eons in our world where we are, according to
the teaching of the Buddha.
So according to the standard of the Buddha Amitayum, Amitayum's beautiful land or Amitayum's
beautiful land is ten years, ten days ago.
The Buddha got enlightenment and is leaving Buddha right now.
So therefore, this Buddha Amitabha is the Buddha of now, Buddha of the future, and Buddha to purify
all our obscurations, obstacles,
diseases, sicknesses, and well-being, and feast and fulfillment. All this is really the Buddha Amit
abha and Amitayum.
So that's what we should think. I will remember that.
And with this thought, again, I told a little bit really about this prayer.
The first we discussed yesterday, this one, the short one, in English it's translated, the blessed
one, das Gond, subjubey, imiti,
perfectly fully enlightened protector Amitabha. That's an English translation, of course, you see.
In it, in Tibet, what it is called, chum din de, tae, ji, kya, dra, chumba, yang, takbar, zukwe,
sangji, gombo, upata, mepa.
So that's the Tibetan word. And in the Tibetan word, chum din de is translated into English,
blessed one.
So I believe this is quite well-known translated, translated, bug one into blessed one.
But in Tibetan, chum din de, chum din de is three words, you see, chum din de, three words.
What it shows? It shows the Buddha is, it's generally, it's not just only the Buddha Amitabha's
name,
but it's the name to all the Buddhas. This can be all Buddhas, Buddha, khyakyamuni is the bug one
too.
But what the, this chum din de is, tells two meanings every bit, I say briefly.
Chum means one who completely purifies all the obscurations, negativity in the defilements.
If I rapidly translate it, it is only, chum means one who destroy it, one uprooted, uprooted.
What destroy it? Two obscurations and four demons that completely eliminate it or destroy it, upro
oted, chum, chum.
So chum means what? It shows perfectly purification, perfectly freed from all the negativities and
obscurations, ego clings.
That's really the chum is. Chum, din means what? Positives, what is possessed?
When you remove the old obscurations and negativities and four demons, what actualizes?
It's wisdom and chaos. Who has? That means the perfect attainment. It shows perfect attainment.
Buddha is Amitabha or the Buddha, any Buddha is a perfect attainment, achievement.
There's nothing more to achieve, more to go. It's all achieved.
They means what? In it with, beyond. Beyond the samsara and nirvana or beyond the dualities,
totally beyond the dualities.
So that is the meaning of chum din, which is translated into English, blessed one.
So you think it has the meaning that blessed one had that meaning or not, but it is well-known
translated, well-known translated.
And I think that's what we use him, blessed one. Blessed one.
And then next one is what? That's gone. That's referred to the absolute true nature.
So gone means rich enlightenment. So exactly rich enlightenment, where the nature is.
When Buddha reaches enlightenment, it's not something that strange things achieved and become the
Buddha.
When we become the Buddha, we're going to regain our treasure and nature, what we inherited.
It's a basic nature, basic goodness that we regain.
Most of the time we are not thus gone, ourself, because of the negativities, obscurations, that we
created.
It's a block to regain. So we're not thus gone. But Buddha is thus gone, thus referring to nature.
Excalivate things, gain now, free from that. So that is.
And then because of that, and in Tibetan, what's called this subjuvayamity, again subjuvayamity is
dajjumba.
It's all those, this, all the great bodhisattvas, arhatas, and those are what we normally will use,
arhatas.
And the Buddhas are all known as arhatas. And it is subjuvayamity, and it means, dham means enemy.
And tjumba is again destroyed. So one who destroyed the enemy. What that means?
Enemy is not just an opponent, which duality believes someone is disturbing our ego cling in our
self-centered mind or our territory.
That is not. This case, the enemy is the ego clinging and grasping the duality.
That is the ego clinging. That is all the Buddha teaching mentioned.
This ego is the mostly enemy for us, all the time.
It's just all the time making obstacles, not just one time, two times, or a short time, three times
, or three years.
It's ongoing. The ego and the self-important mind and the clinging is really disturbing our peace
and happiness.
It's full of that which is destroyed. Buddha. So this Buddha Amitabha, one who is destroyed, or
Buddha Amitayu, all the egos and all the obscurations.
Therefore, then he is perfectly fully enlightened. Perfectly.
So this is just perfect. It's a perfect state. Because why we are not perfect?
Our ego clinging, our obscurations, duality is making the obstacle imperfections, even trying to do
, but it undermines.
It undermines from the beginning. It undermines the well we are process. It undermines minding all
the time.
That is what the ego is, all of grasping and clinging. But Buddha is totally freed from that, so
then fully enlightened.
So this is all, in a way, synonym of the Buddha is tighter, but to any Buddha, this is used, but
this time is, of course, Buddha Amitabha or the Buddha Amitayu.
And then the protractor, the protractor for all the living beings, without any partialities,
without any discriminations.
That is the Buddha. So this is our object of refuge, our destinations, and this is our also source
of inspiration.
We like to become like this because we all inherited the same nature as Buddha Amitabha or the Amit
ayu or the Buddha Shakyamuni.
As we walk for our own nature, according to where the nature is, truly we have the 100% right to
achieve this, our right of the nature, what we have.
So that is, and so that, up to that, is remembering, thinking of the Buddha Amitabha, or as a
gracious teacher, Buddha said, remembering, thinking of the Buddha again and again.
And as we discussed yesterday, a little bit, of course, I'm sure you know that, and also the beauty
and the wondrous of the pure land of the Buddha Amitabha.
And Amitayu kind of thinking that, and that is our destination. That is our place.
We are going to go to that place and going to fulfill all our wishes and inspiration on both each
other.
Follow all that. And that's it. So what the great Master Raga Akshay said in his teachings, is
definitely we can come back to this world, this earth, again and again.
But there's so many challenges, birth, death, and getting old, sicknesses, death goes on and on, on
and on.
And that kind of, they eat it up all our time, because trying to keep up that kind of balance in
that.
And therefore, I think it's just perfect to be in a pure land of Amitabha, where everything is
beautiful, comfortable,
and there's no disturbance of the emotions.
So I can fulfill my practice on both each other so easily there, and then I can benefit it and help
it to all the beings with six veins.
That's what the great Master Raga Akshay said.
Going to the pure land of the Amitabha is a long goal to perform an achievement of our both each
other activities.
So that is according to the teachings. So with this, then what the teachings said.
Again, as we discussed yesterday, and not yesterday we discussed it, but in Buddha teachings, poor
causes.
So first is thinking of the Buddha in the pure land, again and again, thinking that when time comes
, I like to be departed to that places.
Who's going to depart? Our consciousness, our mind, it's not just a wave, okay.
Again, great Master Raga Akshay said, Raga Akshay said, it's not something that you have to walk to
there.
You have to make arrangement to there, or go and buy a horse, or inch into a horse.
Or it's not something that you fly with wings.
It's the moment you think of the pure land of Amitabha when the time comes.
That moment you will be in that pure land of your consciousness.
When you are there in pure land of Amitabha, where you will be, you will be middle of the beautiful
lotus, in the teachings said.
Beautiful lotus, and the miraculously you appear from the lotus, as youthful.
So there is no process of the conceptions, and that goes.
It's instantly built from lotus, but youthful status.
Therefore, it's again, we keep our mind, we set mind that our goal, according to teaching, is
really so positive.
Because also the Buddha Amitabha, or the Buddha Amitai, himself made aspirations.
Whoever thinks of me, and willing to come to my pure land, they should come.
They should be calm without any hindrance in their obstacles.
Such commitment is not preferred. I'm not going to get enlightened. I'm not getting enlightened.
So he made that commitment, and wishes, and as weak, and as preferred.
Therefore, it's because our intention and commitment of the Buddha Amitabha combined together, and
then we be in that place, according to teaching.
So that is what. And now with this thought, and then second cause, or second condition, cause, is
to get rebuilt in pure land, Amitabha.
And to fulfill our wishes of the bodhicitta is accumulated merit.
Lord of accumulated merit in the teaching said, Lord of the virtuous activities performed, Lord of
virtuous activities, activities.
Virtuous activities, what? It's virtue. What is virtuous, actually?
Virtuous is not outside, nor non-virtuous is not outside. It all depends on our intention, as we
discussed on the day, I mean, you know.
Virtuous, this mind is the key. Mind is the cause. Mind is the instrumental wherever we'd like to
direct, whether virtuous or non-virtuous.
So virtuous activity comes from the virtuous mind, virtuous mind.
What is a virtuous mind? Again, a symbol, not any mysteries, or it is Buddhist dharmas. It's a
loving kindness, compassion, wisdom, joy, and application.
Those siddling call it, all symbolize bodhicitta thought in the heart and the mind, and do whatever
activities by verbally, physically.
That is virtuous. So perform the virtuous activity.
This virtuous activity, again, I talk really this in the con, all the virtuous activities,
activities in the Buddha teaching, in the generally, both Suttara Mahayana teaching and Vayayana
Mahayana teaching,
there is seven tools to accumulate merit that you, we all know, we all heard so many times, and you
all know.
What are those seven? First is both stations, both stations.
Second is offerings. And the third is confessions.
And the fourth is rejoice, or the joy, rejoice. And the fifth is recursing, recursing, turning the
will of dharma.
And the sixth is recursing to be long lives. And the seventh is dedicated merits.
So those are known as in its ability, the word says, Sosa Yena Dhampa, Sosa Yena Dhampa. Seven
tools were accumulating the merits.
So all accumulation, virtuous activities can be combined in these sevens.
And now you, of course, you all know this. But again, I will go a little bit to each of those cut
point, just as reminding that.
First is both stations. Both stations is what, actually? Both stations is antidote of the arrogance
, antidote of arrogance.
And both stations also, that means we're seeing the good quality of others, or some really respect
to the others, not become kind of egos, ego as like strong, solid, kind of iron, like arrogance.
But respect and appreciation, it shows also our good quality of ours, ours, what called the humili
ations.
Or humble, be humble. Humble and simple didn't mean it's going to devalue, going to last our
qualities.
Actually, it was going to glorify our qualities, drawn to the earth, humble, simple, respect to the
others.
This tradition of the respecting is all systems of the country has, every tradition, every country
has respect and appreciation.
Even though maybe they don't name the both stations, but both stations means respect, appreciation.
We all have that. East has that, and West has that, South has those qualities, those, everyone's.
And there's a lot of different ways those perform how they do greetings. And some does for respect
and appreciation, comfortable, touch to head to head.
Some to touch to the jigs or right to the left with sound of keys, I think, and embracing that.
That is also respect and appreciation.
Appreciation feels kind of warmness. And then sometimes, keys is to the ground.
And then in a different tradition has a different kind of way to respect the Christianity, touching
to the different part of the bodies as gesture of the crosses.
That means I'm comfortable, I'm happy, I honor, I respect.
And it's a very Buddhism is tradition started from India, we do put it hand as India, put it hand
and then bow down on the ground.
And then some traditions even touching to the feet of the people.
I mean, they have different ways. All is what symbolize, feel comfortable, warmness, respect and
appreciation and honor.
It is our ego and the kind of like that is low. And arrogance is low. See something, good things.
So therefore, it is very powerful, powerful way to do to the postulations.
And that is with this is thought and then do the postrations and the Buddha's teaching, postrations
and those postrations, which is known as then postation with meditate, meditate, with meditation
levels and postrations with just as regular ways and meditations of then, then absolute levels,
postrations.
Those old teaching said, I'm sure you all know, I'm not going to go all those details. But however,
and when we do postations, for example, meditate levels, again, same with respect and appreciation.
But we are kind of like, like, multiply the ourself, so many emanations, ourself, meditate level is
like visualization, even though it's not exactly with the legislation is the more counter imag
inations, multiple other so many times, like countless.
And then we are making postaction to the Amitabha. Feel see the call it and goodness and all that
we do the postations.
So this is known as the antidote of the arrogance.
The next one is the offering.
Offering is the antidote of the miserly and attachments.
Offering is also generous. Justness. What do you make offerings, offering our own belongings, what
we own, and as well as mentally and in the imagination or the Samadhi meditate powers.
Those are you made offerings without grasping and clinging to the Buddha Amitabha and all the
Buddha's bodhisattva every enlightenment as a Mandela offerings or like offering.
It is antidote of the attachment and miseries, miseries.
And then by regularly multiplying meditate level meditate level is then in the Vediana teaching
often said those are all articles are multiplied by the mantra meditation and the mother as through
that is multiplied and then all become divine call it or the wisdom call it and making the offering
to all living beings.
And that also in the teaching said actually when you make the offering there is a three, three
purity status, three purities.
What are those three purity states? The purity of the object, purity of intention, purity of the
articles, articles, what means those purity of the object means the purity of the object discuss
Buddha Amitabha.
And all the Buddha's bodhisattvas such as our Lokini Shora, Genes, Gaurabhema Sambhata, those all
feel the right in front of our space.
They're looking to us with eye of love and a complete as a living Buddha, a rainbow Buddha right
there.
And so that is our object of purity objects, object of our offerings where you're going to offer.
It's perfect. We're not just giving this someone can relate with the strange ways to someone.
But purity full of love and a complete and Muslims. So that is purity of objects.
Then purity of the article means it is also not just something stolen or robbed by or kind of
strange kind of quietly sneakily making come to gather in something.
Had to know those any negative negative call it this is pure.
And those pure things are generated in the teaching said what our own belongings, such as our body,
our wallet, our meritually activities.
Plus all this universe and the world, everything see as our luxury call it this.
And that is which we own or maybe we don't own but mentally gather all the beauty and everything,
the universe and everything.
And then then we make that offering. So that is pure purity articles.
And then third one is pure intentions.
We make these offerings, not just with the kind of like we like to gain some some power or some
some degree of the kind of authorities.
Our intention is purely best upon the body.
Like to reach enlightenment, like to benefit of all the sentient beings.
And I like to be reborn in the pure land of Amitabha order to fulfill our wish and the goal of the
body.
As I said many times early and you know.
So intention is pure, pure heart and pure object of ventilation, pure object of offering articles
and pure intentions.
With that make offering.
Then is the great meritually activities, big meritually.
Next one and the purification in front of the again in the presence of the Buddha Amitabha and all
the Buddha's bodies are the enlightened beings.
We purify all our negative it is from the beginners times that we don't know or we what we remember
or maybe we don't remember everything.
We are purified.
We cleanse them.
How we purify with the four powers that we learned in the bundle practices with the four powers.
But this bundle practice, the object, power of the object is the Buddha Veda Sattva.
This time is Amitabha and all the Buddha's bodhisattvas.
And then same thing.
Four powers, power of the object, power of the acknowledgement of our misdeeds and wrong deeds and
power of the restoring power, power of the applying the antidotes.
Those four and of course you all know and purify all our observations.
And this purification or compassion practice is in the teaching said is the antidote of anger as we
purify that.
And so it is.
So that is the third accumulation merit practices.
And the fourth one is, I'm going to show you this here, a reduce.
Rejoice or the joy is the antidote of the jealous. Jealous.
This time we rejoice.
All the good activities, good deeds of anyone is doing in the world.
Those noble ones are doing good activity or dead.
And all the old dead beings are doing good activity to benefit other beings.
Bring the peace and harmony to the world. Really, we join our intention with their good deeds and
thankful, grateful, all those which were activities.
We joined our intention with all the Buddha's bodhisattvas out of their activities.
Where they develop the bodhicitta and where they continually check the journey of all those path
and bhumis.
And we thank for all these Buddha's enlightened.
Now they're continually helping benefit for all the sentient beings.
How wonderful, how beautiful.
I like to predict that.
Wishing that in its heart, really praying that.
That this is called rejoice or the antidote of the jealousness.
And the next one is something tricky of this year, of course.
And the request and turning will of Dharma.
This is the antidote of the ignorance, the request of the teachings.
And the teachings say that generally there is many Buddhas, great enlightened beings,
who reach enlightenment in a different universe, not yet maybe turning the will of Dharma.
Or there's so many great masters with their dharas, male and female, who reach, have the highest
realization,
yet they're not, some different reasons, they're not turning the will of Dharma or teaching.
Will of Dharma means world of wisdom and compassion.
World of wisdom, compassion.
If they turn, they expound that it will activate our love and compassion
and bring peace and harmony, reduce all negativities.
This is powerful means to observe that heart.
So we're of course turning the will of Dharma.
What in the teachings said, what we've joined here,
according to the readiness of the individual, please turn the will of Dharma.
According to the readiness, not forceful, not imposing,
but the readiness of the individual there, what they can connect with.
What the teachings are, then those all nayana teachings,
out of three teachings, in and under teachings,
and out of the under teaching, in and under teaching,
all those teachings really are caused to turn the will of Dharma, according to their readiness.
Readiness of the individual.
So that is the pit, I think, accumulation practices.
And next one is, bring long life prayers or not returning to the nirvana status.
This is a kurwa, this is a kurwa.
It is a rakosna to stay long life.
It is an antidote of the wrong ideas.
Wrong ideas, is it?
But I'm translating it as wrong ideas.
So, rakosna, those are great beings,
beings who are, can't really going to enter,
even though they have the perfect capability to prolong their lives and all that,
but they have some degree, somehow they're going to enter Mahaparin nirvanas.
So they're rakosna, or you rakosna, wherever that is.
This is an ask for eons, and without entering the Mahaparin nirvanas, to benefit all living beings.
And this is also known as lungi, we depress.
Whoever we do pray for long life and good wishes to the others,
that will prolong our lives, our life, our energy.
It's not something that we're going to lose.
Actually, it will really prolong, prolong our life, our energy, our prosperity.
So therefore, we will pray this, this.
A last one is, is dedication.
Dedication is antidote of doubt and hesitations,
doubt and hesitations, and dedicate the merits.
And that is, then all the good deeds, whatever we did,
in the kind of like, on gross levels, or on kind of very subtle levels,
and in the, I mean, not in the teaching set, that, and,
and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and,
accumulate the merit and we're really going to share that.
And that energy to help and benefit all the sentient beings
and to be born ourselves and as well as all the beings
to the pure land of Amitabha.
Reaching dead and the dead they get their merit.
This is known as then dead they can praise.
So those all are known as seven tools that occur
accumulate the merits.
These also combine all the six paramata practices too.
Each of those we have the kind of a deep time
and the energy and that is generosity.
And then we, each of those we do with very clear
and pure mind and the nice way kind of need and a clean way
and that is moralities.
And then we are also like some more patient
and kind of like courage and commitment
to perform all those practices with good that is,
is patient paramatas.
Then we put the effort, joyful effort
to put these virtuous practices, that's joyful effort.
Each of those we concentrate in exactly as the meaning
maintain our mind that is is.
Then concentrate the paramatas.
And each of those we see clearly not kind of mixed up
really trying to do precisely on the conception level
trying to do those, those are the then wisdom paramatas
of the what's called the wisdom paramatas.
When we do those seven practice without any grasping,
clinging subject and object and actions,
that is then wisdom paramatas or what's called
the wisdom meritas.
So it's a complex and all two accumulations.
Accumulation merit and wisdom meritas.
Therefore in the teaching said it's so powerful,
so special, these are really we think that.
And with that, together all the virtuous activities,
awarding 10 non-virtues that you all know.
You all the 10 non-virtues.
Activating the 10 virtues of the opposite
of the 10 non-virtues.
Those 10 you all know, I just say the group those.
And those are the un-virtuous activity by three by the body
and four by the speech and three by the mind
all together 10 non-virtues.
When you keep up there, not performing those activities
plus you do opposite of those 10 non-virtues activity,
then it becomes the positives, the virtues,
perfect virtues and do that with the body together.
Thinking all the sentient beings really wishing
may I do this benefit for all living beings
and may they get enlightenment by this.
May I never do any non-virtues activities forever
by the blessings of the Buddha Amitabha
and the Gaurabhama, Sambharvacharya and all that.
All these Buddhas, bodhisattvas, they're blessings.
Really feel that from heart and do those prayers.
And that is known as then, then all virtuous activities.
And all these activities without grasping,
clinging, kind of holding onto that
or I did get it, things and all these things.
Without that and just blend in,
in the absolute state of true nature as a zoki meditation,
that is a Western meditation, that.
And then it that's called in the teaching always
is union of the two meditists.
Accumulation merit, Western merit.
That is perfect, beautiful.
And that is, is the cause to be,
to be reached or cause and condition
to back, reborn in the field and Amitabhas, Amitabhas.
So among those four causes, now what I've been, I did.
The fourth one, and the object of the Buddha Amitabha
and the Beulah and Brili.
And now today we discuss the Brili,
again, I mean, it's not something
that I'm talking new things you don't know.
I'm in a way reminded to all of us
to reap in some really, hopefully,
re-breaking our knowledge, knowledge of that,
those accumulated practices, that.
And that is what.
And the third one is,
what great teacher Buddha Shakyamuni said in the teaching,
bodhicitta, bodhicitta, that is a third.
But again, of course, all that is within the bodhicitta
frames, everything, that is really the,
what is bodhicitta and rafujis.
What is bodhicitta?
It's a comparison, loving kindness thought
for all living beings.
From the core of our heart, that is bodhicitta.
And then, what is this bodhicitta?
And what is this absolute bodhicitta?
Absolute bodhicitta is not grasping, clinging,
any of those things, even as a comparison,
even loving kindness, so big and powerful,
yet, no, grasping, clinging.
That is, what's the merit, merit?
That is what's called absolute relative true bodhicitta
and absolute true bodhicitta.
So this bodhicitta, true bodhicitta.
And now, relative bodhicitta, of course,
again, we heard so many times,
we're trying to do, all of us are trying to do practice.
Those bodhicittas are started with
loving kindness, compassion, and good heart.
Without any sub-centered mind, that heart, that qualities.
We need to come to the activity and then to exercise that.
To activate that, again, gracious teacher,
the Buddha Shakyamuni taught in the teaching, poor, boundless,
that we all know.
We all heard so many times,
even though maybe we really don't know too much,
but we heard, it feels our, it sense our heart.
It's suffering our heart, really, it is.
And which is poor, boundless?
Boundless, loving kindness.
Boundless, compassion.
Boundless, rejoice or the joy.
Boundless, equanimities.
Those are poor, boundless.
Among these poor, boundless, in the many teachings,
the boundless, equanimity is, in a way, foundation.
Foundation of the boundless, loving kindness.
Boundless of compassion.
Boundless of joy.
Why is it be like foundation?
Because it, when you have that equanimity attitude,
we're not so grasping, clinging onto that.
It is become so blended in, gentle, peaceful, mellow.
It's very, it's not become emotional.
Love and compassion, joy and appreciation,
generally, of course, is good, always.
But according to the bodhicitta,
love and compassion, joy should not be emotional.
Emotional love and compassion and joy
is all the sense in being have, some degree.
All human being have some degree.
Emotion, which is good?
Love and compassion and joy, always good.
But true being acts like bodhicitta,
love and compassion and joy.
No, trying to not be emotions, not too tight.
It's pervasive.
Therefore, it's called boundless.
Boundless love to all the beings.
And what in the equanimity says,
may I have the great equanimity realization,
those who are close to me,
or those who are part of the strength to me.
So this is what the love is.
All pervasive loving kindness to every living beings.
Those we know, those we don't know.
All beings and compassion is the same.
And as well as joy is the same.
And that, you know.
And when it's sittling that quality in a heart and mind,
and then perform the six paramata activity,
or perform the seven tools that accumulate the merits.
Meritus, that is then one of the cause,
or third cause to be born in the people and Amitabha.
Amitabha, and it is a great tool
to purify our obscurations, negativities,
and regain our nature.
We are revealing our nature, our Buddha nature.
And we are activating, we are advancing.
Really we are advancing to the Father.
And we are embracing everything as a part,
when we have these realizations.
Realizations.
And that, so those are known as the third cause,
or third conditions.
Or conditions to be born in the people and Amitabhas.
Again, in the Buddha teaching said,
"Whoever think of me, and do the good activities,
"and do the also have the body of the good heart,
"and making the aspirations to the people and Amitabha,
"they were born, take the birth in the people and."
That's what the really Buddha Amitabha said,
and Buddha Shakyamuni repeated that.
That.
So that is my brilliant talk about today, this portal.
We went now really about the third post,
second and third.
We went, and again, I'm so thankful,
and grateful to all of you,
and Rashi Delis, and we are making nice ground walk
to be born in the people and Amitabha.
And so, thank you, everyone.
Thank you, everyone, okay.
Thank you.
Again, we do short dedication.
That completes our first session.
Session, and then second session, same thing as we did yesterday.
We do, again, our evening practice
of the Pima Samyala Monastery we used to.
Please, if you have time, join with us,
and then we dedicate the marriage.
Okay, thank you, everyone.
(Silence)
- Wrong doing.
- From the stormy waves of the birth of all the sickness
and death from the ocean of the samsara,
may I pray all beings.